[docs] Add note about including heartbeats table in publications (#4946)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/postgresql.adoc

The database typically reclaims disk space in batch blocks. This is expected behavior and no action by a user is necessary.

* There are many updates in a database that is being tracked but only a tiny number of updates are related to the table(s) and schema(s) for which the connector is capturing changes. This situation can be easily solved with periodic heartbeat events. Set the xref:postgresql-property-heartbeat-interval-ms[`heartbeat.interval.ms`] connector configuration property.
+

> Note that the heartbeat table _must_ be included in your publication in order for the connector to see the heartbeat events and process them. This can be achieved either by adding it explicitly via `ALTER PUBLICATION ... ADD TABLE ...` or by specifying `FOR ALL TABLES` when creating the publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
For the connector to detect and process events from a heartbeat table, you must add the table to the PostgreSQL publication that receives changes streamed from `pgoutput`.  
If the publication already exists before you deploy {prodname}, the connector uses the publications as defined.
If the publication is not configured to automatically replicate changes `FOR ALL TABLES` in the database, you must explicitly add the table to the publication, for example, 

`ALTER PUBLICATION  _<publicationName>_ ADD TABLE _<heartbeatTableName>_;`
====
```
